while out of there in an upheaval its Bo
again so we got to talk about what's
going on in White House because man he's
getting some bad advice it is casting
him in a light that I don't think he can
see up there I don't think he can see it
from the White House I don't think his
advisors can see it it's a chain of
events and at all points one direction
I'm not a fan of the Trump
administration I don't think anybody's
gonna be surprised to hear that but I
don't think the white he's being cast in
is fair so it was a chain of events it
started in Turkey Syria that whole
fiasco where he ordered our troops out
of the way and greenlit an attack on
allies who have fought and died beside
American soldiers for 15 years he sold
him out he betrayed them openly and
publicly that's bad that's bad but when
his base dutifully defended him he had
to do it because Turkey was going to
attack yeah I mean it sounds good but
the reality is when they say that they
know Turkey made them US military move
come on it's the u.s. mo had to move for
anybody
certainly not Turkey they were ordered
to move because the president couldn't
handle it they were ordered out of the
way and that casts him in a light we're
going to get to that light in a second
but along the way it also forces his
base to admit that Obama was a better
diplomat Obama was able to keep the
allies together this whole time that
whole time he was in office he did it no
problems we didn't have NATO allies
attacking the Kurds kidding me and they
know that
they're not saying it but they know man
into them it's even Obama could have
handled out it's making Trump look worse
than Obama they won't say it publicly
but they're thinking it and it's true
and then he moved us soldiers US Special
Operations out of the way for our allies
to be attacked man that's rough that is
rough if you are an ardent Trump
supporter that is rough I don't know how
you defend that and then because of that
his major allies Robertson Graham a
whole bunch of people spoke out against
him you know calling people traitors
that only goes so far you can't really
get into the heart of your side of the
aisle when you're doing that you're
gonna call : Powell a traitor I don't
think so not if you want to get
reelected so then you've got bad and
then you have what happened today him
ordering a State Department employee who
was going to voluntarily testify before
the impeachment inquiry who said he had
evidence on his device ordering not to
show yeah it's obstruction it's
obstruction nobody's gonna care about
that on his side of aisle they've given
up on the rule law a long time ago they
don't care about that but they care
about something else they care about
image that maverick tough-guy image all
of these events that make him look like
a coward they make him look like a
coward he backed down from Turkey
seriously sold out our allies to Turkey
gonna let him get slaughtered yeah I'm
sure that's playing really well with the
SOCOM base right there then from there
he has to suffer these attacks and can't
say anything like he used to he can't
attack his own base he can't attack
these people at the heart of the
movement
and there they're trashing him
rightfully so and now this thing that
he's sat there and called a scam the
whole time there's nothing to hide it
was a perfect phone call oh no no no
don't go talk about it it does it makes
him look like a carrot I don't think he
is I think he's getting horrible advice
from somebody I don't think he would do
this on his own he up till now he's been
very politically shrewd this this is
amateur hour so because of this he's
only got one option release the audio of
those phone calls we know it exists
release the audio those phone calls all
of them of your perfect phone calls and
you go testify before the house the
President of the United States go set
the record straight if you don't do that
understand the President of the United
States will go down in history as the
guy who is worse than Obama and scared
of everything
that's gonna be his legacy that's gonna
be his image that's what's gonna get
recorded even if it doesn't play that
way to his base at this exact moment
historically you had all of these
presidents before me have Bush and Obama
that were able to hold the Allies
together and then in comes Trump and
they're attacking each other and he's
moving out of the way for them to do it
yeah so he's worst diplomat than Obama
and then he's scared of everything
that's how it plays its how it plays to
anybody who thinks about it and even
those on the right who are gonna argue
oh no that's not true that's not how I
feel yeah it is yeah it is I know what
you'll say publicly but deep down you
know that this isn't the guy you you
voted for you didn't vote for the guy
who's gonna hide in the White House you
want the guy who's gonna go out there
and call her nervous Nancy
but he won't do it to her face just when
he's safe behind Twitter and you're
starting to see that now because it's
coming out and he made the US military
look the way it does now like they're
just willing to stand idly by and watch
those people who fought with them the
day before get killed because the
president couldn't handle a phone call
if he cares about his legacy
he's got to come forward this softball
thing at the Senate with Giuliani man
that's not gonna cut it
the base is gonna want to see him
they're gonna want to see him out there
taking these hoaxsters and scamsters to
task they're going to want to see that
great unmatched wisdom in action not him
cowering behind Twitter anyway it's just
a fault you'll have a good day